you know I
you get
so we're so tight I guess I'll give you
tonight a baby you know whatever
you get the waves you gotta have your
brush and I don't prefer this one but
some people use it the harder one
it's that waiting brush my body while I
did this one hurt
so I trashed that you might have you
want style liner the sky liner - those
are professional Clippers they using a
barbershop I shave myself up that looks
makes the waves come out better when you
gotta shape up stead of looking sloppy
where you have any regular waltrip
trimmer or whatever buddy and these
these don't where you get he wants you
to do right you want some water
and I leave have to tell you where to
get some water all the other stuff you
can get to brush any CVS beauty score
start liner you can get online any
beauty store stuff like that slime and
they do read you say that you can get my
CVS you met I've seen another grocery
store you can get them all this stuff
everywhere water okay so you brush
forward always forward and then in the
back back these brush where the waves
would be going you want to count it out
like some people do some people say 25
here 25 you got to count it this to just
brush until you think you're good enough
when you hit it when you first are
starting to form them you have to be
patient just keep brushing it it's brush
it go on your day brush it some more you
want to be able to public brushing it
but we're home you get sometimes we
brush it and slowly they'll form and
don't get your haircut so let it grow
out so so then when you do get it cut
it's already getting dragged down it's
already getting tan so and get it cut
you'll start seeing weight then every
time you get it cuz there'd be more
more ways if you can continue to process
so sometimes my mom doesn't want it to
pack it down after you brush and then
brush it some more and then don't let
you rag which I'll show how to put that
on in the link which on the header on
the screen somewhere if you're using
this make sure you would get something
to use it because you is easy mess of
the trimmer for know how to shape up the
ways you still need the game to get the
girl the waves are going to try them on
track the girl foot still need happy
game you just get it for that reason
then it's not even working get it for
your own novelty reason don't become
consumed with the way no I want to hear
you going around with it
add weight wavelet anyway is remember
brush water do rag once you get on likey
to do like I said brush before you go to
sleep on your rag you wake up you take
it up it's brush the corner in the bag
would be good bottle steps and get the
waves in no time
my-my-my
specialist hand tell my my soldiers over
there i read my everybody my hill
but you need you will be thankful for
the life